# CS-370

When it comes to the work I have done for my project, with project one, I spoke on Nueral Networks and how they work, along with the GDPR and how it affects companies and what it is about. In project two I had to create a Q-Training alogrithm for a pirate in the Treasure Hunt Game, that would be competing against a user to collect the treasure at the end of the maze, giving the user a competitive environment for the game. The code I was given for the pirate game were in two files, the TreasureEnvironment.py which consists of the environment of the game, including the maze defined as a matrix. I also was given the GameExperience.py which contains code for experience replay. I was also given the build model and the play game code for the project and was asked to create the Q-Training Algorithm.

What computer scientists do vary depending on the field, but they all play an important role in society. Through creations of algorithms, computer scientist can help create better work environments, such as in the medical field for example, in how AI can be used to help diagnose patients and allow for doctors who would need to do so, such as Mircoscopist, and allow them to focus there attention on other aspects of their work instead. AI can also be used in areas such as sports, such as the AI that helped soccer players diagnose corner kicks to help improve their play. When it comes to problems as a computer scientist, understanding the wanted results is key in apporaching a problem. Once the desired result if determined and all the key features are noted, working in small iterations to solve the problem is the procedure I would take. My ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization are an important part of this field, for they both deserve the utmost respect, so their information must me protected and their consent must be given when using their data for any purpose. If at any time they wish to not give their data, it is my responsibility to respect that and remove their data from the pool of used data. Making sure to also be inclusive in my design is also a ethical responsibility of mine.
